# [Project 1: Customer Ad Click Classifier](https://github.com/alidaoui/Customer-Clicks-Predictor.git)

Program which predicts customer Clicks based on Time spent on site, and estimated salary. Data set is included in repository (Facebook_Ads.csv). Program uses Logistic Regression to Classify Data.

# [Project 2: Credit Card Fraud Classifier](https://github.com/alidaoui/Credit-Card-Fraud-Classifier.git)
Project to classify bank transactions into legitimate and fraudulent. Data is widely available online. Example: https://www.kaggle.com/mlg-ulb/creditcardfraud. Data Description from source: The datasets contains transactions made by credit cards in September 2013 by european cardholders. This dataset presents transactions that occurred in two days, where we have 492 frauds out of 284,807 transactions. The dataset is highly unbalanced, the positive class (frauds) account for 0.172% of all transactions.
It contains only numerical input variables which are the result of a PCA transformation. Unfortunately, due to confidentiality issues, we cannot provide the original features and more background information about the data. Features V1, V2, … V28 are the principal components obtained with PCA, the only features which have not been transformed with PCA are 'Time' and 'Amount'. Feature 'Time' contains the seconds elapsed between each transaction and the first transaction in the dataset. The feature 'Amount' is the transaction Amount, this feature can be used for example-dependant cost-senstive learning. Feature 'Class' is the response variable and it takes value 1 in case of fraud and 0 otherwise. This program uses Naive Bayes Classifier to classify data into legitimate transactions and fraudulent transactions.

# [Project 3: Breast Cancer Classifier](https://github.com/alidaoui/Breast-Cancer-Classifier.git)
A program that classifies tumors into benign and malignant based on 30 features.
The features are as follows: 'mean radius', 'mean texture', 'mean perimeter', 'mean area', 'mean smoothness', 'mean compactness', 'mean concavity', 'mean concave points', 'mean symmetry', 'mean fractal dimension', 'radius error', 'texture error', 'perimeter error', 'area error', 'smoothness error', 'compactness error', 'concavity error', 'concave points error', 'symmetry error', 'fractal dimension error', 'worst radius', 'worst texture', 'worst perimeter', 'worst area', 'worst smoothness', 'worst compactness', 'worst concavity', 'worst concave points', 'worst symmetry', 'worst fractal dimension'
We created a classifier based on Support Vector Machine.
